---
layout: post
title: "Journal - November 2014"
date: 2014-11-01
categories: journal
---

1:
* Started new regime.
* Did approx. half of the Chest and Back workout, felt nauseous, laid down for a bit. 
* Started / Completed Codecademy's Ruby track.
* Went for walk with dogs on the perimeter.  Ice cold and windy after the morning snow - today broke records I believe.
* Started "Eloquent Ruby" by Russ Olsen.
* Cleaned up some of the Coursera over-reaching I'd done, so I'm now down to just a handful of relevant courses.
* Signed Mom up for the Nutrition course and Age of Jefferson.
* Talked about proposal with Dad.  We seem to be on the same page and optimistic about this month.

2:
* Discussed interruptions.
* Almost finished the RubyMonk Ruby Primer (lessons and problems).

3:
* Woke late (7:40).
* Finised the RubyMonk Primer.
* Got about halfway through RubyMonk Ruby Ascent.
* Started RubyMonk Ruby Metaprogramming.
* Lost about 3 hours around midday to helping move appliances, cooking, eating, cleaning dishes, and going for walk.  Need to condense that to within an hour. 
* Did 2 miles of running around 9pm.
* Watched "Revolution OS" while running.
* Started P90X and got about halfway through Chest and Back.  By that time it was around 11pm.  
* Having trouble recording accurately the Pomos I execute, as well as actually remembering to do them all the time and taking the rewards.  Going to see about web apps.

4:
* Highly stressful early morning due to social situations.
* Cleaned email.
* Cleaned EdX dashboard.
* Need to re-examine Fitbit next year.
* Completed Weeks -1, 0 and 1 for CS169.1 (SaaS from Berkeley).  This includes getting the VM installed, getting RVM and git working, and checking out a tutorial on git and a tutorial on bash commands.
* Thinking about how best to do P90X and piano.
* Started using the Tomatoes web app to track pomos.
* Cooked a roasted broccoli dish with parmesean that was really good for its simplicity.
* Found myself biting my nails.

5:
* Started using the standing desk rigorously (1 for 1 pomos).
* Finished the Gitimmersion tutorial (the required portions -- up through Lab 35 / 53;  I'll take on the remaining 18 at a later point).
* Finished the Bash Commands video series by Linux Leech.  Will want to touch up on this is a few weeks to ensure I've groked it.
* Started Calculus.  Completed the first (introduction) unit and much of the second one (functions / limits).
* Completed P90X Shoulders and Arms.
* Ran 2 miles outside.  Did it during a 15 minute break b/w pomos.  This seems like a good system.
* Finished Introduction to Philosophy during my pomo breaks.
* Finished cleaning the Coursera and EdX dashboards.
* Selected a Ruby project for this week.  Two actually -- the Jumpstart Labs EventManager and the Odin Project curriculum.
* Finished Beethoven's Symphonies, first pass.
* Cooked up the dried fruit and nut mix.

6:
* Completed a first pass of the dev bootcamps.
* Ran 2 miles outside.
* Drank a CookOut milkshake.  Nearly 700 kcal, so that's over with.  Still managed to fit within my energy budget though!
* Made Cranberry Orange muffins - probably the best muffins yet.
* Did a lot of work installing Ruby-related tools.
* Worked towards of the Odin Project project work.  Spent a lot of the afternoon learning HTML.

7:
* Intermittent internet in the morning. (Loss: ~1hr)
* Took CRV to Jim Meeks for oil change.
* Listed microwave oven and Hummingbird fishing system on CL.
* Cooking took up ~1hr.
* Walking the dogs took up ~1hr.
* Went to bed a bit earlier (~10pm) due to having had a bit of a poor performance and not interested in propogating it to tomorrow.
* Back issues that sprung up earlier this week persist.  Not painful, just annoying.
* Loosing weight.  Kcal intake over the last few days in the ~1400 kcal range.

8: 
* Woke up at 5am and started work.  Awesome!
* Slept nap-style for ~1.5hr in the early morning.  No!
* Worked through Ruby in 100 Minutes by Jumpstart.  Liked it quite a bit as a review of what I had learned via Codecademy and RubyMonk.  Would have been less ideal as a first introduction to the language.
* Worked on EventManager project for most of the day.  Liked this section of Jumpstart Lab's site very much.  A good balance b/w hand-holding and free-play.
* Wasted some time talking with Jordan (not a slight on Jordan!) in the morning.
* Ran my 2 miles during a pomo long break.
* Did my Ab Ripper X during a pomo long break.

9:
* Spent basically all day looking over bootcamps.  Was kind of a good thing productivity-wise though, cause I got Fullstack Academy's Road to Code Guide and Epicodus' online curriculum, both of which should serve me well this coming week.

10:
* Used Sublime Text Editor as a default.
* Finished with the ASAP albums in vinyl.csv.
* Started work on Dourly, a url-integrity checker for pdf, inspired by broken links of Fullstack's Road to Code PDF.

11:
* Put in the bulk of the work needed for Dourly.  Pleased with what's been done.  Will polish a little later on and send off a quick email to Fullstack to let them know their doc has gone meta.  XD
* Talked with Dad about dev bootcamps, strategy, and Elemica in relation to code.

12:
* Watched the lectures for Week 2 of the ESaaS course.
* Worst prouctivity day yet.  Not entirely sure why this was, but likely due to not having clear goals, inspired work (i.e. a project) and some procrastination / distration.

13:
* Did an hour or so of pair programming to work on the HW0 problems.
* Remainer of the day was spent on ESaaS homework problems. 

14:
* Had internet connectivity issues for most of the morning.  Despite this, managed to put in more work today than in the two days prior.
* Started work on the ESaaS HW1 problems.

15:
* Worked through some of ESaaS HW1 and some of Quiz 1.
* Made Balsamic Vegetables.  Too much dressing maybe, but this was one of my favorite dishes!
* Looked deeply into the application process for each coding bootcamp.
* Looked into the possibility of doing a contribution to the Tomato.es web app.  A pull request would look good, give thanks, and probably ultimately benefit me directly since I use the app so much!
* Talked with Greg about professional photos.

16:
* Worked through ESaaS HW1 and did Quiz	1.  Will probably hold off on focusing on this until my github is in order for applications.
* Completed Jumpstart Labs MicroBlogger project.
* Made sure I'm looking away from the screen after each tomato.
* Irish accent day.  I won.

17:
* Completed Codecademy's Javascript Track.
* Redneck accent day.  Tie.  Greg had the early game, but faltered when he had to discuss finanaces.  XD

18:
* Did some research into the style of personal website I would like both now and in 6 month's time.
* Got website up on Amazon S3.
* Started redesign of the website.
* Updated Linkedin account, resume, Facebook account, Twitter.

19:
* Completed the bulk of the work in redesign of the website.

20:
* Finished website redesign.  Need to work on ensuring that it functions on varying devices at some point soon.
* Talked with Greg a lot about the video project as a background.
* Lots a lot of time to putzing around. (total work = 6.5hr).
* Ate some Trolli Eggs (half a pack).  Gonna have to cut those out completely.
* Avoided toffee bar.  What a badass!

21:
* Submitted application request to CodeCore.
* Spoke with Tam at CodeCore.  Asked about start date and tech, number of instructors and .  Talked about myself and where I'm headed.  Tam was pleasant to talk with and we arranged a skype code challenge on Tuesday at 8pm EST.
* Took a bunch of photos with Greg.  Most were gangta rather than young professional.  Should be interesting to see what he does with it.
* Applied to DevMountain.
* Submitted application request to Code House.

22:
** Wrote to Andy.
** Wrote to Jimmy.
** Wrote to Harry.
** Completed Jumpstart Labs Blogger project.
** Finished work of Jumpstart Labs EventManager project.
** Submitted paperwork to Great Lakes.