---
layout: post
title: Journal - December 2014
date: 2014-12-01
categories: journal
---

1:
* Interviewed with DevMountain's Colt (Ops) and two mentors (non-speaking) at 2pm via telephone.
* Interviewed with Coding House's Nick James, Victor Som, and Samur Buna at 6pm by telephone.
* Spoke with a Coding House graduate about their experience.
* Watched half of the Week 3 lectures for ESaaS.

3:
* Cleaned up old files on Mac.
* Project planning.
* Helped out with some cabinetry work.

9:
* Researched Hacker School more thoroughly.
* Completed Hacker School application.

10:
* Researched Epicodus more thoroughly.
* Completed Epicodus application.

11:
* Completed DevMountain's Coding Assessment.
* Wrote to Jason at DevMountain regarding iOS program in Feb and Web Dev program in Mar.

12:
* Completed App Academy's Coding Assessment practice problems.

13:
* Continued research into bootcamps.
* Reviewed solutions to App Academy's Coding Assessment practice problems.

14:
* Continued research into bootcamps.
* Arranged Flatiron interview for Wednesday.

15:
* Completed App Academy's Coding Assessment.
* Final changes to Hacker School application.
* Wrote to Josh Davis about talking to me re. CodeCore.
* Arranged technical interview (second coding assessment) with App Academy for Wednesday.
* Wrote to Jason Fuller about position at Mt. Sinai.

16:
* Wrote to Caleb at DevMountain about interviewing to see some demos of student work.
* Applied to Hacker School.
* Completed Fullstack's coding assessment.
* Completed App Academy's second interview practice problems.

17:
+ Interviewed with Flatiron.
+ Interviewed with App Academy.
+ Applied to Epicodus.
+ Updated ExcerscheiBe regimes.
+ Updated RunKeeper with manual events.
+ Put together video response for Turing.
+ Completed Hack Reactor coding assesssment.
+ Applied to Hack Reactor.

18:
+ Incorporated Bootstrap classes and responsive design elements into website.
+ Submitted paperwork to GL.
+ Tomato.es pull request
+ Erosion web app
+ Python code challenges
+ Completed Jumpstart Labs Blogger project.
+ Finished work of Jumpstart Labs EventManager project.
+ Completed ESaaS week three lecures and homework.

19:
+ Wrote to Andy.
+ Wrote to Jimmy.
+ Wrote to Harry.